{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Daniel Wendel\
03/03/2015\
Problem Solving and Critical Thinking \
\
\
\
\
\
\
Problem one:\
\
The problem is the man, the cat, and the parrot all need to make it to the other side but there is not enough room on the boat. \
\
The overall goal is to get everyone to the other side of the river. \
\
The constraints are, the man cannot leave the cat with the parrot, or the cat will eat the parrot, or the parrot with the seeds or it will eat the seeds. \
\
The subgoals are to:\
\
-Get the cat to the other side.\
\
-Get the parrot to the other side \
\
-Get the seeds to the other side.\
\
Solution for subgoals: \
\
To get the parrot to the other side the man could take the seeds and have the parrot fly and follow him to the other side. Then the man could come back and take the cat on the boat and leave the parrot to eat some of the seeds on the other side. \
\
All solutions meet the goals and gets everyone to the other side. As a test the man could take the seeds and make sure the parrot follows him. \
\
\
Problem two:\
\
In this problem we have 20 socks in a drawer and have to find out how we can pick out one matching pair of socks.\
\
The overall goal here is to get at least one matching pair of socks out of the drawer.\
\
The constraint here is you have to pick out the socks in the dark.\
\
Subgoal here could be to write down each color down until you repeat a color and you have your answer. \
\
Example:\
black, brown, white, black. \
\
For matching one of each color:\
b br w\
b br w\
b br w\
b br w\
b br\
b br\
b\
b\
b\
b\
\
\
The minimum amount of socks you can choose is 4 to get one matching pair.  And 16 to get a matching color for each pair. \
\
Problem three:\
\
Here we have to find out which finger the little girl will stop on when counting from 1-10,1-100, and 1-1000. \
\
If she counts from 1-10 the finger she will stop on is the first finger. \
\
\
\
\
\
}